What are you talking about?
Hey, you. Go fetch me my package from the mail room.
You deaf?
You hoo!
Receptionist, I'm talking to you.
Boss, you know she's clumsy and useless.
Are you sure you even want her to grab your package?
Probably has a disease.
Mr. Nard.
First of all, I'm no longer the receptionist.
Secondly, I don't take orders from you anymore.
You have your own secretary.
So I suggest you ask her.
Bravo.
You've been the CEO secretary for three days.
You think you can talk to me like that?
Get out of my way.
I heard about your mom.
If you get fired, they're gonna have to unplug all those machines.
She'll die.
It must be shitty having a daughter like you.
One more word about my mom and I swear to God I'll slap you.
I dare you.
Doing great for little bitch.
Christine will have to fire you.
She'll have no choice.
Let's test it.
She hit me.
Fire her.
Unfortunately, I can't.
But let's be realistic.
That fuck of a man is on vacation.
And when he goes back to England, you are fired.
Then mommy gets unplugged.
How am I gonna get fired if you get fired first?
What would Mr. Sinclair do if he found out you negotiated
a VP job with JPG Chains while you still collect money from his company?